# EClarkResume
Erica Clark
      3664 McConnell Road		     Greensboro, NC 27405		  (919) 985-0892    	       edclark1@aggies.ncat.edu 
 

Information Technology Oriented Professional with +3 years of experience seeking an opportunity to leverage my technical and professional expertise in an information security role. 

	Self-motivated. Very eager and adamant about starting new projects without hesitation or assistance.  
	Critical Thinker. Passionate about defining and formulating resolutions or  developing plans based on useful or not so useful sets of information. 
	Team Building. Excellent at managing and building collaborative working relationships.   
	Flexibility. Quickly responsive and adaptive to changing circumstances and expectations in a business environment. 
	Problem-Solver. Great at analyzing, evaluating, and implementing strategic plans that will benefit business goals and values. 
	Customer Service. Extensive experience in various support platforms. 

TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY
•	Certifications: Security+
•	Operating Systems: Linux, Windows, Unix and Raspbian
•	Programming Languages: Java 
•	Applications: Microsoft Office, Vantive, Wireshark, HP Service Manager, SharePoint, RBM, Web Scarab, NetBeans, Adobe Spark, and Jira
•	Database Systems: Oracle DB and MySQL  

 
EXPERIENCE

Information Security Cyber Defense Intern  	
First Citizens Bank HQ 				             Raleigh, NC                	       	    May 2017-August 2017 
•	Created Virtual Firewalls to monitor incoming and outgoing network traffic. 
•	Modified, deleted, and created firewall rules utilizing McAfee ePolicy Orchestra. 
•	Updated and tested current firewall software to prepare for production. 
•	Created generic Phish Me campaigns to bring security awareness to the company. 
•	Investigated alerts generated by security appliances using Security Information and event management tool to review log data from network traffic.
•	Discovered anomalies and patterns in HP Service Manager that will present future best practices for the company. 


Graduate Resident Assistant – STEM LLC
North Carolina A&T State University			 Greensboro, NC               		 August 2016 - Present  
•	Worked collaboratively with academic and student support units to connect students with campus resources.
•	Developed workshops and activities to facilitate a successful transition to North Carolina A&T. 
•	Created a climate and culture within the STEM LLC which is conducive to personal and academic success.
•	Provided clear expectations to students regarding STEM LLC values and university policies.
•	Be available and accessible to all STEM LLC residents. 

Technical Support Engineer
Black Duck Software 			        	                 Boston, MA                 	 	  October 2015 – July 2016
•	Provided email/telephone based technical and product usage support to Black Duck enterprise level customers and evaluators. 
•	Diagnose problems in a 3-tier environment that includes java and browser-based clients, an application server and a back-end database.  
•	Reproduced product issues for resolution by Engineering team.
•	Provided product usage guidance. 
•	Worked with the pre-sales team to provide technical support for sales activities where needed. 
•	Proactively provide online content, including solutions to common problems, preventative advice, and answers to customer forum questions. 
•	Assisted with customer communications including technical product announcements, shipping media, and upgrade recommendations. 
•	Enhanced customer satisfaction by timely responses, consistent communications, satisfactorily resolving each case and prompt escalation to support management when needed. 

Technical Support Specialist 
Kodak Alaris					Durham, NC                             	               May 2013- July 2015
•	Installed software, modified, and repaired hardware and resolved technical issues. 
•	Identified and solved technical issues with a variety of diagnostic tools. 
•	Troubleshoot and maintained all networking devices and infrastructure across the enterprise including switches, routers, and firewalls. 
•	Documented all server, network and hardware problems and other unusual events in detail. 
•	Managed user accounts in Microsoft Active Directory. 
•	Verified and secured LAN and WAN network connectivity. 


RESEARCH EXPERIENCE
GRADUATE RESEARCHER 
North Carolina A&T State University                  	Advisor: Jinsheng Xu			January 2017 – May 2017
•	Developed a method for students to visually create and view an ARP spoofing attack using Hacker Graphical User Interface (HGUI) tool 
•	Created interactive labs and quizzes to test student knowledge prior to and after learning about ARP Spoofing
•	Computed and analyzed data collected from student lab and quiz grades
•	Worked with professors and fellow classmates to critique HGUI tool for improved learning 

EDUCATION
MASTER OF SCIENCE: COMPUTER SCIENCE
North Carolina A&T State University, Expected Graduation Date: May 2018                               
•	Cumulative GPA: 3.4/4.0

BACHELOR OF ARTS: SOCIOLOGY
Saint Augustine’s University, May 2013
•	Cumulative GPA: 3.3/4.0
•	Dean’s List Recipient 


HONORS AND PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS
•	Cyber Security Club
•	Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. 
 


 
 
 RELATED COURSES 
•	Software Security Testing 
•	Network Security & Cryptography
•	Web Security
•	Secure Software Engineering
•	Advanced Analysis of Algorithms 
•	Advanced Operating Systems
•	Principles of Networking 
•	Information, Privacy & Security 
•	Independent Study- Security+ Certification



PROJECTS
•	Service Management Data Mining 
•	Web Spidering vs Manual Mapping                                                        
•	Manipulating a Web Application’s Hidden Form Field
•	Attacking Authentication
•	Attacking Access Control
•	SQL Injection Attack
•	Cross-Site Request Forgery
•	Clickjacking Attack
•	Web scarab Fuzzer Penetration Testing
•	Session Hijacking
•	Code Review Using Check Marx
•	Threat Modeling with Microsoft SDL
 




